en, zh: refine docs: deploying TiFlash and heterogeneous clusters in Kubernetes (#1543)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-heterogeneous-tidb-cluster.md

---
title: Deploy a Heterogeneous Cluster for an Existing TiDB Cluster
summary: Learn how to deploy a heterogeneous cluster for an existing TiDB cluster.
---

# Deploy a Heterogeneous Cluster for an Existing TiDB Cluster

This document describes how to deploy a heterogeneous cluster for an existing TiDB cluster. A heterogeneous cluster consists of nodes with different configurations from the existing TiDB cluster.

## User scenarios

This document is applicable to scenarios in which you need to create differentiated instances for an existing TiDB cluster, such as the following:

> - Create a TiKV cluster with different configurations and different labels for hotspot scheduling.
> - Create a TiDB cluster with different configurations for OLTP and OLAP queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create TiKV clusters with different configurations and different labels for hotspot scheduling.
- Create TiDB clusters with different configurations for OLTP and OLAP queries.
```
从原文来判断，似乎用复数 clusters 更合适？
